README.md, before:

# Hermit-Crab-V2-DragonUHF-Toolhead
ALPHA STATUS
This design is currently untested due to issues with the CAN board on my Hermit crab 2

Full assembly for viewing can be found here https://a360.co/3UhpdY4

This is a full toolhead for use on the Hermit Crab V2 and designed for the Dragon UHF with extender. The design allows for either 5015 or 5020 blowers and utilised the following
- Orbitor 2 (LDO)
- Phaetus Dragon UHF with extender
- BTT microprobe
- Hermit crab V2 canbus (obviously)
- 30x10 fan - axial
- 2x 5020 blower or 2x 5015 blowers (There are ducts for both but not tested the 5015 version)
- Heatset inserts (M3x4x4) or 5mm deep ones will work too.
- Suggest ASA for printing and its 2 parts only - the Main unibody and the duct 
- Expected total weight including hermit crab and mgn12h carraige is sub 450g

NOTES
- The 3010 fan is held into the unibody using m3 screws - however i chose not to use inserts currently just tapping the holes to m3 and fixing directly into the plastic. Main reason was that the holes are quite close to the external surfaces around the holes, and when inserting the heatsets the external surfaces swell out. I am planning on trying to add material in - but for now am going to run with a tapped hole.

5020 Version

![image](https://github.com/5teveO/Hermit-Crab-V2-DragonUHF-TH/assets/70500760/da29cf3f-2786-4d94-9ad6-32c925b4316d)

5015 Version

![image](https://github.com/5teveO/Hermit-Crab-V2-DragonUHF-TH/assets/70500760/6758ea2a-cad2-463f-b969-758e05955f98)

Standard parts in the full assembly are downloaded from Grabcad or McMaster Carr (via Fusion 360)
PCB's are from BTT and are available on their GITHUB. The Full Model of the Hermit Crab V2 Canbus can be found at

https://www.printables.com/model/852257-btt-hermit-crab-v2-canbus/files

https://grabcad.com/library/btt-hermit-crab-v2-canbus-1

More than a bit of inspiration for this was taken from the LHNDO Stinger toolhead unibody - see here for the full project https://github.com/lhndo/LH-Stinger

Commit message:

Added note regarding heatset size

README.md, after:

# Hermit-Crab-V2-DragonUHF-Toolhead
ALPHA STATUS
This design is currently untested due to issues with the CAN board on my Hermit crab 2

Full assembly for viewing can be found here https://a360.co/3UhpdY4

This is a full toolhead for use on the Hermit Crab V2 and designed for the Dragon UHF with extender. The design allows for either 5015 or 5020 blowers and utilised the following
- Orbitor 2 (LDO)
- Phaetus Dragon UHF with extender
- BTT microprobe
- Hermit crab V2 canbus (obviously)
- 30x10 fan - axial
- 2x 5020 blower or 2x 5015 blowers (There are ducts for both but not tested the 5015 version)
- Heatset inserts (M3x4x4) or 5mm deep ones will work too. Need to have an insert end of 4.3mm diameter to go in the 4.4 hole - adjust hole size to suit your heatset inserts
- Suggest ASA for printing and its 2 parts only - the Main unibody and the duct 
- Expected total weight including hermit crab and mgn12h carraige is sub 450g

NOTES
- The 3010 fan is held into the unibody using m3 screws - however i chose not to use inserts currently just tapping the holes to m3 and fixing directly into the plastic. Main reason was that the holes are quite close to the external surfaces around the holes, and when inserting the heatsets the external surfaces swell out. I am planning on trying to add material in - but for now am going to run with a tapped hole.

5020 Version

![image](https://github.com/5teveO/Hermit-Crab-V2-DragonUHF-TH/assets/70500760/da29cf3f-2786-4d94-9ad6-32c925b4316d)

5015 Version

![image](https://github.com/5teveO/Hermit-Crab-V2-DragonUHF-TH/assets/70500760/6758ea2a-cad2-463f-b969-758e05955f98)

Standard parts in the full assembly are downloaded from Grabcad or McMaster Carr (via Fusion 360)
PCB's are from BTT and are available on their GITHUB. The Full Model of the Hermit Crab V2 Canbus can be found at

https://www.printables.com/model/852257-btt-hermit-crab-v2-canbus/files

https://grabcad.com/library/btt-hermit-crab-v2-canbus-1

More than a bit of inspiration for this was taken from the LHNDO Stinger toolhead unibody - see here for the full project https://github.com/lhndo/LH-Stinger
